The mini-project contains three parts: 

Part one - count unique words / top 10 most frequent
    In part 1 I created a function which open, encondes and reads the two given files (from assingment 3). 
    The second function aim is to count the number of unique words; it starts with a variable called "unique_words" which uses set() method to create "an unordered collection of unique elements". 
    This function should return the number of unique words, so the advantage using a set() is that it will check if an element has been already counted.
    Third function returns the top 10 most frequent words (len > 4). To do it, I used count() method, a dictionary subclass.  
    If we were counting the occurrences of a single object, we could use a single object. However, in this specific case we want to count several different objects. 
    As I said previously, I used counter() dict subclass. It counts the number of times an element appears and saves the elements and the counts as keys and values.
    The last function is just get the path for the files and to call the previous functions. 

Part two - Bst and HashSet
    In this part we had to finish a given code skeleton. 
    BstMap - a BSTMap is a data structure which holds key-value pairs.
    In this exercise we had to finish a code skeleton, containing an implemented BSTMap class and also a Node class.
    It is called a Binary tree because each Node has a maximum of two children; all nodes of the left subtree are smaller than the root Node; on 
    the other hand all Nodes of the right subtree are greater than the root Node.
    The methods implemented have created a functional BSTMap. The output is equal to the one given. 


    HashSet - It is an unordered and unindexed data structure. HashSet hold a set of unique objects in buckets, in a way that allows us to quickly 
    check if an object is already in the set. The searching process is quickly and easier because it uses a hashing method to store the elements in buckets. 
!!!!!Explain Hash formula!!!!
    We had to implement it on a code skeleton, we had to finish it. 

Part three - Count Unique words and Top 10 most frequent, using data classes from Part2.  
    To solve this part it was needed to use the code from part 1, and instead of using Python´s classe set and dict, use BSTMap and Hashset.
    Apart from that, it was asked to get the Buckets List size, Max bucket size and Zero bucket ratio, adjusting HashSet to return the correct output. 
    Moreover, I used BSTMap to return the Top 10 most frequent, number of Nodes, Max depth and to count number of leafs. 
    Function "Top 10 most frequent" uses BSTMap, checks if len > 4, and returns the Top 10 most frequenT.
    The output is equal to part 1, apart from the other requested outputs. 

